# 727!!!! WYSI!!!
So, I have a friend that is really into Numerology. I asked him if there was any message behind the number 727. I told him about the phenomena in the osu community, this is what he told me: Number 727 is a blend of the attributes of number 7 and the vibrations of number 2, with number 7 appearing twice, amplifying its influences. The mystical number 7 is the number of feelings and emotions, spiritual awakening and development, persistence of purpose and determination, discernment and positive intentions, introspection and inner-wisdom, empathic and psychic abilities, higher-learning and research. Number 2 is associated with balance, harmony, duality, peace, adaptability, diplomacy, receptivity and love, charm, understanding, mediation and co-operation, consideration, faith and trust, your life purpose, support and encouragement. Angel Number 727 is an indication that positive news will enter your life in the very near future. This may be something that you’ve been waiting to hear for some time now. Take this new information and use it to your advantage and for the benefit of others. Angel Number 727 is also an important message from the angels to get on with living your personal truths. You are being encouraged to serve your life purpose and soul mission with passion and persistence, knowing within that you are on your right life path. The angels encourage you to continue on your current path. Angel Number 727 is a message to continue listening to your inner-wisdom and the guidance from the angels regarding the next steps along your spiritual path. Be still, listen to your higher-self and pay attention to the revelations you receive intuitively. Look out for signs, synchronicities and omens and take note of your 'gut feelings' or inner-knowing. Maintain a positive attitude and outlook and know that you are well blessed by the angelic and spiritual realms.

Notice the part that mentions great fortune will come in the future. This explains why so many huge ass PP scores were flying left and right as soon as Angelsim beat 727. This number has even impacted my life irl. So many great things have impacted my life drastically since October, and that was around the time 727 has been surpassed.

I really hope this message gets around, because I never knew something so simple could have such a huge meaning. Cookiezi is quite literally a god, both in skill and destiny.
